hey Todd staples here today I'm going to
teach you the basics about angel eye
upgrades for your BMW you've probably
seen angel eyes on cars driving down the
street you might even have them stock on
your BMW but if you're looking for
someone that really pops you're going to
want to upgrade them and I'm going to
teach you a little bit about the basics
of upgrades and what's available for
your car all right the number one
question people have when it comes to
the angel eyes is they don't even know
which ones are available for their car
and what options they have one upgrading
to start you need to figure out if your
car came with stock angel eyes or if you
have none and that will let you know
what options you have to upgrade
basically to figure out if you've got
them take a look inside your headlight
lens if you've got a halo ring around
your headlights that means you've got
factory angel eyes these started in
around year 2000 the BMW e39 5-series
and they're on most of the newer BMWs
stock and depending on if you have them
stock or not it affects which type of
upgrades you have available if you've
got the OEM angel eyes you basically
have two options you can upgrade the
bulbs meaning you can upgrade your
standard kind of yellowish bulb which
you can see in this headlight here to an
aftermarket bulb that'll be a nice
bright white color so you'll get more
brightness and a better color or if
you've got the OEM angel eyes you can
decide to upgrade your entire headlight
assembly and the newer headlight
assembly generally has the angel eyes
built in and those can either be a CCFL
in July which is cold cathode
fluorescent lighting or an LED halo like
you see right here if you don't have
angel eyes in your stock car you've also
got two options you can put on an
aftermarket clip in angel eye which is
something like this so you'd get a set
of four of these clip them into your
headlights by removing the headlight
assembly clipping it into place and
putting it back together and again for
these clippings you have a CCFL option
this looks like this or an LED option
looks like
if you have to do a full headlight
upgrade you've got three options which
is pretty nice you can go with the
standard Depot headlight upgrade which
is a full aftermarket headlight with the
built-in halos and you can see these
ones are your first option you can go
with a halogen light and the halogen
looks okay it's just got a certain look
to it it's got a yellowish look because
that's backlit by three halogen bulbs
per ring or one step up from there you
can do the see CFL upgrade which is the
same headlight and it's just the halogen
bulbs have been removed and replaced
with a CCFL halo ring which again is
cold cathode fluorescent light so
basically it's a small glass tube inside
the ring and that gives a really nice
projected color but they do have a few
issues that will explain in the advanced
video there's some times you have an
issue with them starting in cold weather
they have heat up times and they're also
very fragile so they do break if you
were to get in kind of some serious road
conditions potholes things like that
they can break and now they're just more
fragile then the top-of-the-line option
is the LED upgrade which is also a
add-on ring but instead of having a see
CFL inside of it it is a 60 LED ring so
each ring has 60 LEDs and these things
are indestructible they're bright and
this is what I have on my car I really
like them but again it's personal
preference because the LED rings
although they're super bright they do
have a little striations oh there's
actually so little space between the
dots and some people don't like that
some people do it's personal preference
so those are the three options you have
when doing your full aftermarket angel I
upgrade headlight
to get more detailed information on
angel eyes on what's available for your
car enter your name and your email
address below and we'll send you a link
to our full advanced angel eye lighting
guide which covers everything we talked
about here plus we answer the top 10
questions that people have when
upgrading their angel eyes we address
some of the deadly mistakes people make
oftentimes people do the wiring wrong
and it causes in premature burnout or
overheating and you can have wiring
problems if you don't do this properly
so we address that plus we'll show you a
bunch of before and after pictures of
all the different angel eyes you can get
and we will also show you a step-by-step
walkthrough tutorial of installing these
angel eyes on the most popular cars on
the market so put your name and email
address below and we'll send you that
link right away thanks for watching